# 50 - 电气线缆

1. General The engine electrical harness interconnects the electrical components mounted in the nacelle. It distributes the power required by the electrical system and transmits signals for : · nacelle sub-systems · engine control and monitoring functions. 2. Description (Ref. Fig. Harness - LH Side of Engine SHEET 1)  (Ref. Fig. Harness - RH Side of Engine SHEET 1)  (Ref. Fig. Fan Case Harness Connections to Pylon Junction Box SHEET 1)  (Ref. Fig. Core Harness Connections to Pylon Junction Box SHEET 1)  A. Fan Harnesses The electrical cables and harness on the fan case interface with the fan electrical junction box. The fan harnesses provide electrical power to the control and electrical monitoring systems located on the fan case and the accessory gearbox. (1) Electrical harness The electrical harness supplies power to, or transmits power from : · the fuel system : filter clogging indication · the oil system : oil quantity, low oil pressure, oil filter clogging, oil temperature, oil pressure · N1 system · N2 system · N1 bearing accelerometer · the hydraulic pumps system : by-pass valve, low pressure caution · the fan compartment fire detection system · the HP fuel shut off valve solenoid · the air intake anti ice system : anti ice valve position indicating · the IDG control and indicating   (Ref. AMM D/O 24-00-00-00)  · the ignition exciter · the interphone jack (which is located at the engine air intake) · Master chip detector indicator (2) ECU Control Harnesses   (Ref. AMM D/O 73-00-00-00)  . (3) IDG feeders The IDG transmits the electrical power to the systems via the feeders. B. Core Harness The electrical harness in the core area interfaces with the junction box. The core harness provides electrical power to the control and monitoring systems located in the core compartment : · core compartment fire detection system · pressure regulating valve and high pressure valve position indication (open and closed) · second vibration accelerometer. C. Attachment and Connection (Ref. Fig. Harness - LH Side of Engine SHEET 1)  (Ref. Fig. Harness - RH Side of Engine SHEET 1)  (Ref. Fig. Fan Case Harness Connections to Pylon Junction Box SHEET 1)  (Ref. Fig. Core Harness Connections to Pylon Junction Box SHEET 1)  The harnesses and cables are routed around the engine. They are attached to the engine brackets by means of clips and clamps. The harness connectors are connected at the junction boxes which are located under the engine pylon. D. Harness Design (Ref. Fig. Harness Construction SHEET 1)  All harnesses are of sealed construction and have double shielding (overbraid and shielded wire). Fire detector harnesses in the core area are not fully sealed. Basic EMI/Lightning protection are achieved with the outer overbraid and inner shields. The core harnesses use an outer sleeve protection system of either VITON or PEEK. The fan harnesses use an an outer sleeve protection system of either DR-25 or PEEK. On braid-shielded harnesses, a dedicated mechanical protection between the braid and the top coat of wires is provided such that penetration of the shielding in wire top coat is not possible. Figure 71(CFMB)-50-00-13700-06-A / SHEET 1/1 - Harness - LH Side of Engine Figure 71(CFMB)-50-00-13800-06-A / SHEET 1/1 - Harness - RH Side of Engine Figure 71(CFMB)-50-00-13900-06-A / SHEET 1/1 - Fan Case Harness Connections to Pylon Junction Box Figure 71(CFMB)-50-00-14000-06-A / SHEET 1/1 - Core Harness Connections to Pylon Junction Box Figure 71(CFMB)-50-00-14100-06-A / SHEET 1/1 - Harness Construction